new orca and on-device alternatives (#7)
Picovoice/tts-latency-benchmark: README.md

	- [Chatterbox-TTS-Turbo](https://github.com/resemble-ai/chatterbox).
	- [Kitten-TTS-Nano-0.8-INT8](https://github.com/KittenML/KittenTTS).
	- [Pocket-TTS](https://github.com/kyutai-labs/pocket-tts).
	- [Neu-TTS-Nano-Q4-GGUF](https://github.com/neuphonic/neutts).
	- [Piper-TTS](https://github.com/OHF-Voice/piper1-gpl).
	- [Soprano-TTS](https://github.com/ekwek1/soprano).
	- [Supertonic-TTS-2](https://github.com/supertone-inc/supertonic).
	- [Espeak-NG](https://github.com/espeak-ng/espeak-ng).

Most of the above engines support streaming audio output, except for Chatterbox-TTS-Turbo and Kitten-TTS-Nano.
Elevenlabs also supports streaming input using a WebSocket API.
This is done by chunking the text at punctuation marks and sending pre-analyzed text chunks to the engine.
Orca Streaming TTS supports input text streaming without relying on special language markers.
Orca can handle the raw LLM tokens as soon as they are produced.

## Metrics

Our metrics include the following:
1. First Token To Speech Latency.
2. Voice Assistant Response Time.
3. CPU Core Hour Ratio.
4. Peak Memory (RAM) Usage.
5. Model Size.
6. Platform Support.
7. Language Support.

> 8. Audio Sample Quality.

Reviewer: Remove periods

voice assistants. This is because it gets closest to the behavior of humans, who can start reading a response as
soon as the first token appears.

We define **CPU Core Hour Ratio** as the amount of CPU Core Hour it takes to generate an hour of speech. This is to ensure a fair comparison between TTS models that use a large number of CPU cores and those that only use 1 or 2 CPU cores. We define "CPU Core Hour" by summing over the number of hours that each CPU core takes to generate the speech.

We define **Peak Memory (RAM) Usage** as the peak RAM usage of TTS when generating speech, excluding that of LLM inference and initial Python set-up.

> We define **Model Size** as the file size of the binary files needed to run TTS, excluding common Python packages like PyTorch. For example, if a model is to be downloaded from Hugging Face, then we only count the binary files there, which can be `.safetensors`, `.bin`, `.gguf`, `.pt`, `.pth`, `.onnx`, ... If a TTS model requires a G2P such as `misaki` or `espeak-ng`, we additionally count the size of that as well. In fact, this is favoring non-Orca models, because in the real world scenario, those models require a lot more dependencies to do inference.

Reviewer: Would be better to have subsections for each metric and link them in the list above

> We define **Model Size** as the file size of the binary files needed to run TTS, excluding common Python packages like PyTorch. For example, if a model is to be downloaded from Hugging Face, then we only count the binary files there, which can be `.safetensors`, `.bin`, `.gguf`, `.pt`, `.pth`, `.onnx`, ... If a TTS model requires a G2P such as `misaki` or `espeak-ng`, we additionally count the size of that as well. In fact, this is favoring non-Orca models, because in the real world scenario, those models require a lot more dependencies to do inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define **CPU Core Hour Ratio** as the amount of CPU Core Hour it takes to generate an hour of speech. This is to ensure a fair comparison between TTS models that use a large number of CPU cores and those that only use 1 or 2 CPU cores. We define "CPU Core Hour" by summing over the number of hours that each CPU core takes to generate the speech.

We define **Peak Memory (RAM) Usage** as the peak RAM usage of TTS when generating speech, excluding that of LLM inference and initial Python set-up.

We define **Model Size** as the file size of the binary files needed to run TTS, excluding common Python packages like PyTorch. For example, if a model is to be downloaded from Hugging Face, then we only count the binary files there, which can be `.safetensors`, `.bin`, `.gguf`, `.pt`, `.pth`, `.onnx`, ... If a TTS model requires a G2P such as `misaki` or `espeak-ng`, we additionally count the size of that as well.
```
